--- 
layout: post
title: 2007 Red Sox Prognostication [Results]
tags: [sports]
---
Before the season started I made my predictions on how the 2007 Red Sox baseball season would go. Man was I off. But I will face up to my errors.

First congratulations to the Sox, even though I had predicted a Dodgers victory, I am happy that the title went to the Sox.

*Sox Pitchers:*

*Curt Schilling* 
* Projected 16-7 4.10 
* Actual 9-8 3.87 
* Probably not enough to get him a contract extension
*Josh Beckett* 
* Projected 15-9 4.25 
* Actual 20-7 3.27 
* I was way off on Becket, the guy incredible.
*Daisuke Matsuzaka* 
* Projected 18-6 3.65 
* Actual 15-12 4.40 
* A Becket like first year, hopefully he will make the same leap Becket made
*Tim Wakefield* 
* Projected 13-12 4.80 
* Actual 17 - 12 4.76 
* As expected
*Julian Tavarez* 
* Projected 4-6 5.20 
* Actual 7 - 11 5.15 
* Lasted a little longer into the season the I expected.
*Jonathan Papelbon* 
* Projected 48 Saves 0.95 Era 
* Actual 37 Save 1.85 
* Thought he might have a chance at the Cy, didn't happen this year but it isn't out of the realm of possibility. 

*Sox Hitters*

*Julio Lugo*
* Projected .280 AVG 13 HR 24 SB 95 Runs 
* Actual .237 AVG 8 HR 33 SB 71 Runs
* He looked much better in Tampa
*Kevin Youkilis*
* Projected .265 AVG 19 HR 85 RBI 
* Actual .288 AVG 16 HR 83 RBI
* Just a good hitter and lead the league in sweating
* Improved Power Numbers
*David Ortiz* 
* Projected  .290 AVG 48 HR 120 RBI 
* Actual .332 AVG 35 HR 117 RBI
* A little less power but hopefully knee surgery will get him back 
*Manny Ramirez*  
* Projected.305 AVG 32 HR 105 RBI
* Actual .296 AVG 20 HR 88 RBI
* Below average season, Manny skills may start deteriorating
*J.D. Drew*
* Projected .290 AVG 25 HR 100 RBI 
* Actual .270 AVG 11 HR 64 RBI
* Next year is his breakout year ... maybe?
*Mike Lowell*
* Projected .260 AVG 14 HR 60 RBI - 
* Actual .324 AVG 21 HR 120 RBI
* I may be the only one in Boston hoping A-Rod comes to town
*Jason Varitek*
* Projected .245 AVG 12 HR 60 RBI 
* Actual .255 AVG 17 HR 68 RBI
* Boston better start looking for Tek's replacement
*Coco Crisp* 
* Projected .300 AVG 15 HR 70 RBI 25 SB 
* Actual .268 AVG 6 HR 60 RBI 28 SB
* Bye Bye
*Dustin Pedroia*
* Projected .290 AVG 6 HR 70 RBI 
* Actual .317 AVG 8 HR 50 RBI
* Rookie of the Year

Actual (Predicted)

*NL*
* East: Phillies (Mets) 
* Central: Cubs (Cubs) 
* West: Diamondbacks (Diamondbacks)
* Wild Card: Rockies (Dodgers)
* Champion: Rockies (Dodgers)

*AL*
* East: Sox (Sox)
* Central: Indians (Tigers) 
* West: Angels (A's) 
* Wild Card: Yankees (Blue Jays) 
* Champion: Sox (A's)

* World Series Champs - Sox (Dodgers)

3 for 8 in predicting who would make the playoffs. Well I would be a pretty productive hitter with that average. Already looking forward to next season.